Introduce Query Singleton, to store/query all ActivityPub related informations based on the $wp_query (#1148)
Automattic/wordpress-activitypub: CHANGELOG.md

* Hide ActivityPub post meta keys from the custom Fields UI
* Bumped minimum required PHP version to 7.2

> * Improved conneg and AUTHORIZED_FETCH support for custom extensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved content negotiation and AUTHORIZED_FETCH support for third-party plugins
```

This would make it a bit clearer for me as a relatively new reader
